README.md, before:

# Loop List

A productivity tool. It lets users create checklists that they use on a regular basis and easily reset the checklist.

![Screenshot of Loop List v1](/looplist-screenshot.png)

## Getting Started

To run this on your machine:
1. Download & Install [Node Package Manager](https://www.npmjs.com/get-npm) `npm`
2. Fork/Clone/Download project
3. Open up the project in Terminal, then run `npm install`
4. Run `npm start` or `nodemon` to run the project on a local server on your machine
5. View the local version of the project at `http://localhost:3000`

## Required ENV Variables
`MLAB_URI`
`DB_USER`
`DB_PASSWORD`
`SESSION_CODE`

## Deployment

This product will be deployed via Heroku. A link to the live project will be provided here shortly.

## Technologies

* bcryptjs
* cookie-parser
* css
* debug
* dotenv
* express
* express-handlebars
* express-session
* handlebars-helpers
* hbs
* http-errors
* mongo-db
* mongoose
* mongoose-type-email
* mongoose-unique-validator
* morgan
* node.js
* socket.io

## Contributing

If you're interested in contributing, please reach out to the Github Repo owner.

## Authors

* **Nicolai Safai** - *Initial work* - [github.com/nsafai](https://github.com/nsafai)

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE.md](LICENSE.md) file for details. Please fork this project and credit the author(s) if you decide to use any portion thereof.

Commit message:

added link to live product

README.md, after:

# Loop List

A productivity tool. It lets users create checklists that they use on a regular basis and easily reset the checklist.

![Screenshot of Loop List v1](/looplist-screenshot.png)

## Try the live product!

The product is live and you can use it at [looplist.xyz](http://looplist.xyz)

## Getting Started

To run this on your machine:
1. Download & Install [Node Package Manager](https://www.npmjs.com/get-npm) `npm`
2. Fork/Clone/Download project
3. Open up the project in Terminal, then run `npm install`
4. Run `npm start` or `nodemon` to run the project on a local server on your machine
5. View the local version of the project at `http://localhost:3000`

## Required ENV Variables
`MLAB_URI`
`DB_USER`
`DB_PASSWORD`
`SESSION_CODE`

## Deployment

This product will be deployed via Heroku. A link to the live project will be provided here shortly.

## Technologies

* bcryptjs
* cookie-parser
* css
* debug
* dotenv
* express
* express-handlebars
* express-session
* handlebars-helpers
* hbs
* http-errors
* mongo-db
* mongoose
* mongoose-type-email
* mongoose-unique-validator
* morgan
* node.js
* socket.io

## Contributing

If you're interested in contributing, please reach out to the Github Repo owner.

## Authors

* **Nicolai Safai** - *Original author* - [github.com/nsafai](https://github.com/nsafai)

## License
This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE.md](LICENSE.md) file for details. Please fork this project and credit the author(s) if you decide to use any portion thereof.
